hey you two is she girl me millions
again him you guys up with another
lipstick review video ok 1 i'm wearing
on my lips is called doll house pink
perfect name or is it the number is 967
and it's by wet and wild i love this
color it doesn't even look like lipstick
it looks fake like something that'll
come with the Barbie doll it's like
perfect it's really pretty
and it's kind of a matte lipstick I
guess and also on top of months I put
Rimmel moisture renew and pink benefit I
put this on top of mine to give it a
little um she like make it I like my
lips to gloss so to make them glossy and
not so clay looking you know I mean but
this is the look I'm just getting in
from dinner and uh yeah these earrings
if you guys want to know um I don't
think you can go look for these in store
cuz my grandmother gave them to me they
are clip-ons because I don't have my
ears pierced I've had them peers like
three or four times in my lifetime and
they get infected or they just like hurt
to the point why I just take the
earrings out and say forget it you know
so yeah those are from Grandma and these
were hers I'm Lebanese jingo jingo
jiggity giving me anyway yeah so this is
lips and cut this short this is my look
very simple i have a little purple Oh a
little powerful dark brown and then i'm
also going to do a review on what i use
not to prime my eyes but what i use to
own highlight them you know you can put
on your eyes just that and go or you
could put it all over your lid or just
at the top and then add the shadow like
i did but anyways thanks for watching
our video you guys and i'll see you on
the next one